Rows (general):
(1)   Row titles (preceding the parentheses) must be preserved.
(2)   Row one (column headings) should not be removed.
(3)   Row 2 (headings with instructions) can be removed.
(4)   Order of the rows can be changed.
(5)   Clustering of multiple reagents of one type recommended, but is not mandatory.
(6)   Reagent types indicated on template that are not used can be removed.
(7)   Reagent types not represented in the template: use “other”. 

Column A: Reagent type (mandatory)
(1)   Row title (preceding parentheses) cannot be changed.
(2)   See descriptions of categories in “Reagent categories” section below.
(3)   If appropriate, include species within parentheses. Use full genus and full species for first mention; thereafter, initial for genus may be used.
(4)   If appropriate, indicate sex after species (within the parentheses); separate by comma, space.
(5)   See additional information in the section “Rows (general)” above.

Column B: Symbol/name used in publication (mandatory)
(1)   This is a free-text field; there are no formatting constraints, except for separation of multiple entries by semi-colon, space.
(2)   Should indicate exactly how the reagent is referred to in the publication.  If several designations are used for one reagent, can include more than one entry, separated by semi-colon, space. If one designation has been used to refer to several different reagents, list each reagent separately and include a unique identifier or description parenthetically.
(3)   If there is a semi-colon within the designation used, add double quotes around the entire phrase.
(4)   Additional defining information can be included parenthetically (if brief).

Columns C: Source (mandatory)
(1)   If reagent obtained from a public source, such as a stock center or company, list resource name.
(2)   If not obtained from public source, but a published description is available, list the DOI or PMID for the publication. 
(3)   If reagent newly created in the publication, enter “this paper”.
(4)   If none of the above, enter “other” and explain in Additional Information (Column E). 
(5)   If it is appropriate to indicate both a publication and a lab or researcher that provided the reagent, list the publication in this field and the lab or researcher in Additional Information.

Column D: Identifiers (not mandatory; use if possible)
(1)   Use the format “ID_source:identifier” with a colon and no spaces. Separate multiple entries with a semi-colon, space.
(2)   If possible, use the recommended abbreviation for the ID_source (see below).
(3)   Multiple identifiers, even if redundant, are useful for validation. In some case a more general identifier (for a stock, for instance) can be combined with a more precise identifier (for the allele of interest in that stock).
(4)   Inclusion of database identifiers is strongly encouraged to facilitate accurate incorporation of published data into appropriate biological databases.

Column E: Additional information
(1)   Mandatory if column C entry is “this paper” or “other”. Description of new reagent or laboratory from which reagent obtained.  (Free text)
(2)   For antibodies, indicate dilution in parentheses (to avoid auto-formatting problems).
(3)   Other pertinent information, including pointers to supplementary information or Methods section, if appropriate.  (Free text)
